P1 (Mandatory)
Guest User:
Guest users shall be able to view events posted by other users.
Guest users shall be able to select their interests.
Guest users shall see other users’ user names of people looking to work out nearby.
Guest users shall be able to register.
Guest users shall be able to Log in as registered users.
Guest users shall be able to access the homepage.
Guest users shall be able to access the About us page.
Guest users shall be able to access the Contact us page.
Guest users shall be able to access the Support page
Guest users shall be able to delete their account from FitHub

Registered User:
11. Registered users  shall be able to access homepage
12. Registered users shall be able to access About us page
13. Registered users shall be able to access Contact us page
14. Registered users shall be able to access Support Page
15. Registered users shall be able to send workout invites to other users.
16. Registered users shall be able to select their interests
17. Registered users shall be able to edit their information
18. Registered users shall be able to update their profile picture
19. Registered users shall be able to delete their profile picture
20. Registered users shall be able to deactivate their account
22. Registered users shall be able to change their account passwords
26. Registered users shall be able to delete their account from Fithub

Searching People
27. Registered users shall be able to have a certain number of swipes per day.
28. Registered users shall be able search for buddies with similar interest
29. Registered users shall be able search for buddies nearby
30. Registered users shall be able to filter search options based on their interests.
31. Registered users shall be able to filter search options based on how far they are willing to travel.

Friends
33. Registered users shall be able to find friends to exercise with.
34. Registered users shall be able to add other registered users as friends.
35. Registered users shall be able to access their friend list
36. Registered users shall DM (direct message) other registered users only if they are friends.
37. Registered users shall have multiple friends if they choose to.
38. Registered users shall have 0 friends if they choose to.
39. Registered users shall have the ability to unfriend a former friend.
40. Register users shall have the ability to block a former friend.
41. Register users shall have the ability to report a former friend.
43. Registered users shall view friend's event postings.
44. Registered users shall be able to decline friend requests.
45. Registered users shall be able to accept friend requests.

Events
46. Registered users shall be able to create events 
47. Registered users shall be able to delete events they created
48. Registered users shall be able to edit the events they created
49. Registered users shall be able to join an event
50. Registered users shall be able to exit from an event
51. Registered users shall be able to rejoin an event
52. Registered users shall invite people to events they created

Chats
70. Registered users shall be able to create a private chat
78. Registered users shall be able to reject to join in a private chat
80. Registered users shall be able to accept to join in a private chat


Web Application
89. Web Application shall have About us Page
90. Web Application shall have Contact us page
91. Web Application shall ask user to log in
92. Web Application shall display user’s profile
93. Web Application shall show notifications to the user
94. Web Application shall show friend requests
95. Web Application shall allow user to check their messages
96. Web Application shall allow user to check event dates they are planning to go
98. Web Application shall allow user to change password of their account
99. Web Application shall allow user to deactivate their account
101. Web Application shall show the logs of user activities
102. Web application shall show events occurring nearby
104. Web Application shall allow user to log out
105. Web Application shall allow user to delete the account
106. Web Application shall allow user to see list of friends
108. Web Application shall allow user to search for people using various filter options

P2 (Desired)

Registered User:
21. Registered users shall be able to save their frequent searches
24. Registered users shall be able to send an introductory message to a different user in their search result.
25. Registered users shall be able to  share their real time location with FitHub

Buddy Pass
82. Registered users shall be able to view people with gym membership
83. Registered users shall be able to  put request to access buddy pass
84. Registered users shall be able to  accept the request to access buddy pass
85. Registered users shall be able to reject the request to buddy pass
 Web Application shall show buddy pass requests

History logs
86. Registered users shall access their event visits in logs
87. Registered users shall access their workout pairing information in logs
88. Registered users shall be able to access their workout partner’s information from logs

Web Application
103. Web Application shall show people recommendation with similar interest

P3 (Opportunistic)

Searching People
32. Registered users shall be able to remove people from their search results

Friends
42. Registered users shall view friend's club postings.

Clubs
53. Registered users shall be able to create the club 
54. Registered users shall be able to update the picture of the club they created
55. Registered users shall be able to edit the club name they created
56. Registered users shall be able to delete the club they created
57. Registered users shall be able to delete the club picture they created
58. Registered users shall be able to send request to  join the club
59. Registered users shall be able to leave a club 
60. Registered users shall be able to send request rejoin a club
61. Registered users shall be able to add members to the club they created
62. Registered users shall be able to remove members from the club they created
63. Registered users shall be able to post in club
64. Registered users shall be member of multiple clubs
65. Registered users shall be admin of multiple clubs
66. Registered users shall be able to invite people to club
67. Registered users shall be able to accept the joining request for club they created
68. Registered users shall be able to reject the joining request for club they created

Chats
69. Registered users  shall be able to create a group chat  
71. Registered users  shall be able to invite friends to the group chat
72. Registered users shall be able to remove people from group chat
73. Registered users shall be able to add unknown people from the chat
74. Registered users shall be able to post in the group chat
75. Registered users shall be able to leave a group chat 
76. Registered users shall be able to dissolution the group chat they cheated
77. Registered users shall be able to recall their posts
79. Registered users shall be able to reject to join in a group chat
81. Registered users shall be able to accept to join in a group chat
 
Web Application
97. Web Application shall allow user to check updates of the club
103. Web Application shall show people recommendation with similar interest
107. Web Application shall allow user to see list of clubs